Allow depletion without multiprocessing (#1593)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/pythonapi/deplete.rst

   cram.CRAM48
   pool.deplete

.. data:: pool.USE_MULTIPROCESSING

   Boolean switch to enable or disable the use of :mod:`multiprocessing`
   when solving the Bateman equations. The default is to use

>    :mod:`multiprocessing`, but can cause the simulation for hang in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :mod:`multiprocessing`, but can cause the simulation to hang in
```

   some computing environments, namely due to MPI and networking

>    restrictions. Disabling this option will not utilize all processing
>    units and take a little more time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   restrictions. Disabling this option will result in only a single
   CPU core being used for depletion.
```
